docs: document trade-offs in memory configuration (#1651)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/deployment/helm.md

| `master.service.type`      | string  | ClusterIP                               | NFD master service type. **NOTE**: this parameter is related to the deprecated gRPC API and will be removed with it in a future release |
| `master.service.port`      | integer | 8080                                    | NFD master service port. **NOTE**: this parameter is related to the deprecated gRPC API and will be removed with it in a future release |
| `master.resources.limits`  | dict    | {cpu: 300m, memory: 4Gi}                | NFD master pod [resources limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits) |

> | `master.resources.requests`| dict    | {cpu: 100m, memory: 128Mi}              | NFD master pod [resources requests](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits). You may want to use the same value for `requests.memory` and `limits.memory`. The “requests” value affects scheduling to accommodate pods on nodes. If there is a large difference between “requests” and “limits” and nodes experience memory pressure, the kernel may invoke the OOM Killer, even if the memory does not exceed the “limits” threshold. This can cause unexpected pod evictions. Memory cannot be compressed and once allocated to a pod, it can only be reclaimed by killing the pod. There is a great article by [Robusta](https://home.robusta.dev/blog/kubernetes-memory-limit) that discusses this issue.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `master.resources.requests`| dict    | {cpu: 100m, memory: 128Mi}              | NFD master pod [resources requests](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits). You may want to use the same value for `requests.memory` and `limits.memory`. The “requests” value affects scheduling to accommodate pods on nodes. If there is a large difference between “requests” and “limits” and nodes experience memory pressure, the kernel may invoke the OOM Killer, even if the memory does not exceed the “limits” threshold. This can cause unexpected pod evictions. Memory cannot be compressed and once allocated to a pod, it can only be reclaimed by killing the pod.  [Natan Yellin 22/09/2022](https://home.robusta.dev/blog/kubernetes-memory-limit) that discusses this issue.|
```
